hey I'm here to do your stupid thing is
uh this look wintry enough for you yeah
hey since since I'm new you think I
could you know why not
top five good
say Ben it's the holiday season do you
know what that means
suicide rates are climbing no dummy
it's Christmas oh yeah
hey Ben do you like Christmas I sure do
do you like sonic games oh boy do I will
how about Christmas in your Sonic games
why that's like a winter wonderland well
how about we count down the top 5 winter
levels in Sonic games
sonic 3d blast is not the greatest game
in the world by any stretch of the
imagination but it should be played to
experience Richard Jake's his fantastic
soundtrack on the Saturn version out of
all the winter levels in and out of this
countdown Diamond Dust sounds the most
like Christmas oh and the graphics
gorgeous if only I didn't have to worry
about collecting stupid flickies I could
truly enjoy this stage stupid Birds
goofy the arrival of Sonic on Nintendo
consoles brought a sonic advance within
its portable confines lies a level so
chill it reaches terminal velocity the
music the snow effect the atmosphere
everything is wonderful it's a warm
feeling despite it being a winter level
the only not show part of the level
water yeah
Ice Mountain was also the game's
de-facto water level trying not to drown
an icy lake not number
werehog be damned the daytime stages of
Sonic Unleashed can actually be fun
pilosa is one of those levels HD
graphics really help this level
literally shine and blowing past
glaciers at top speed is beautiful
that's not the best part of the level
though in what other Sonic game do you
get to sled on the back of a whale none
oh and hey how many Sonic games can you
run on top of the Arctic Ocean avoiding
objects so that you don't drown and or
freeze to death that's right
none badass where hog sucks
- Sonic Adventure was amazing when it
came out ten years ago a few of its
moments still stand tall to this day one
of those moments pass to the ice cap the
level was broken into three parts the
first part sucks but you can just skip
over entirely with the jump panels so
fun the second part focused more on
platforming which is something you don't
see in 3d Sonic games very often plus
you can climb on icicles unless I forget
the snowboarding part a killer song and
an epic getaway make for an amazing
spectacle that we will remember for
years to come
it's icecap no seriously how could this
not be number one often imitated never
duplicated icecap instantly became the
standout level in Sonic 3 for its
opening snowboarding sequence it's one
of the few times where I'm okay with
putting the controller down and watching
the music needs no introduction either
as it has been remixed by everybody and
their dog an obnoxious amount of times I
mean who doesn't know this song like
hello Scott the ice floes and glaciers
are a sight to behold just awesome add
all that to its two acts that play
entirely different and we have a winner
with ice camp so that you have an ice
cap from Sonic three unsurprisingly
takes the number one spot don't agree
with us let us know down below happy
holidays from us here at the Sonic
Stadium until next time I'm Bret flick
I'm Ben Tibbles and I'm gonna get it
based on eggnog hello everyone I am
Sonic the Hedgehog the fastest thing
alive
you